Release Notes for base-R3-14-12-3_1-0
-----------------------------------
base-R3-14-12-3_1-0: Shankar/Ernest/Strauman (Mar/28/2012)
    This is an import of EPICS baseR3.14.12.3.tar.gz from the collaboration into LCLS base-R3-14-12 with some additional patches.
    For the sequence and location of the patches please see SLAC_Patches.txt
-----------------------------------
Patches:
OSDThread.patch - Strauman/Shankar
    Realtime (RT) scheduling is a feature of all Linux operating systems (not just those with an 'RT Kernel') that enables an application to meet timing deadlines more reliably.
    A feature that contributes significantly to the application's ability to meet timing deadlines is the ability to lock  part  or  all  of  the process's virtual address space into RAM, preventing that memory from being paged to the swap area. 
    This patch will attempt to lock the process's virtual address space into RAM if the process has the ability to run threads with different priorities. 
    If unsuccessful, it prints an message to stderr. 
    In Linux, one can grant a process the ability to run threads with different priorities by using a command like ulimit -r unlimited. 
    In Linux, one can grant a process the ability to lock memory by using a command like ulimit -l unlimited. 
    Alternatively, these limits can be configured on a per user/per group basis by using /etc/security/limits.conf or its equivalent.
DBDump.patch - Zelazny/Rock
    The IRMIS PV crawler script parses every ioc's st.cmd file to collect PV and configured field lists to store in the RDB.
    The crawler is a complicated perl script developed at APS over 8 years ago.
    Over the years new st.cmd syntax elements have been introduced.
    Many of these changes affect elements parsed by the IRMIS crawler, and therefore the script must be constantly modified to keep up with syntax and usage changes.  
    dbdump creates a file containing a formatted list of PV and field names.  
    Instead of parsing complex and changeable st.cmd syntax, the crawler (or any other software for that matter) can simply read and parse the dbdump file to obtain PV and field lists.
envPerl.patch - EPICS collaboration
    If you need to use a version of Perl which is not found at /usr/bin/perl some of the scripts that come with Base will run the wrong perl. 
    This patch changes all of the Perl preamble lines to #!/usr/bin/env perl which should be correct on all modern Unix-like systems. 
    This line is not used on Windows systems.
dbScan.patch - EPICS collaboration
    A fix for bug 597054 is available for sites that want their period scan tasks to not drift on workstaion OSs. 
    Apply this patch which prints warning messages when repeated over-run errors occur.
1091401.patch - EPICS collaboration
    A race condition can occur when reloading the access security file from a subroutine record that is processed using "caput" rather than a longer-running CA client such as MEDM or "caput -c". 
    This patch fixes the problem.
-----------------------------------
